## South End Avenue Restaurant
"Kenneth was, by now, starting to wear on me, and I began to wish he would go away. I thought of the cabdriver who had driven me home from the Folk Art Museum—hey, I’m African just like you. Kenneth was making a similar claim."

Cole, Teju. Open City: A Novel (p. 53). Random House Publishing Group. Print.

When Julius is approached by the guard from the Folk Art Museum at the bar on South End Avenue, he is less than enthusiastic. Initially, the guard is surprised that Julius doesn't recognize him. There seems to be an immediate connection that African Americans make with one another in society and within the African American community. This is reflected throughout the novel, such as when Julius is greeted with nods from other African Americans when he walks through Harlem and when the car driver calls him "brother". By ignoring Kenneth, Julius refuses to include himself in this community. He ostracizes himself from the rest of the black community and sees Kenneth's friendly behavior as imposing. Julius does not participate in the social aspects of black life in New York. This scene is interesting because even though Kenneth is not African, Julius compares this interaction to when the cab driver told Julius "I'm African just like you". This may be because even though Kenneth is not African, he speaks to Julius about other Nigerian people he knows. While Kenneth tries to relate to Julius in this way, Julius would rather distance himself from his community.
